README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  Politician Directory
</h1>

สมุดพกนักการเมือง (Politician Directory) is an open-source project for listing and tracking activities of members of the Cabinet and National Assembly of Thailand. It's run on [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org).

## Development

After installing Node 8+ and `npm install`, you can start in development mode by

```
npm run develop
```

Your site is running on `http://localhost:8000` and GraphQL tool helper on `http://localhost:8000/___graphql`.

Every master commits will be published automatically to https://pedantic-edison-3897de.netlify.com/. Thanks to [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/).

## Getting Started for Contributers

For first time contributer, browse for issues with `goodfirstissue` tag. Looking for `hacktoberfest` if you want to join the hack event!

## Design & Architecture

- [Prototype design](https://invis.io/7HU7PWOYAQM#387144381_Landing_Page)
- [Technical sketches](https://projects.invisionapp.com/freehand/document/NhJHf12G0)

## Glossary

| Thai                        | English                                |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| คณะรัฐมนตรี                 | Cabinet                                |
| พรรคการเมือง                | Party                                  |
| วุฒิสภา                     | The Senate                             |
| รัฐสภา                      | National Assembly of Thailand          |
| สภาผู้แทนราษฏร              | The House of Representatives           |
| สมาชิกวุฒิสภา (ส.ว.)        | Senator                                |
| สมาชิกสภาผู้แทนราษฎร (ส.ส.) | Member of the House of Representatives |

Commit message:

Auto run prettier on pre-commit git hook Add Table of Contents to README.md

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  Politician Directory
</h1>

สมุดพกนักการเมือง (Politician Directory) is an open-source project for listing and tracking activities of members of the Cabinet and National Assembly of Thailand. It's run on [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org).

## Table of Contents

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Development](#development)
- [Getting Started for Contributers](#getting-started-for-contributers)
- [Design & Architecture](#design--architecture)
- [Glossary](#glossary)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Development

After installing Node 8+ and `npm install`, you can start in development mode by

```
npm run develop
```

Your site is running on `http://localhost:8000` and GraphQL tool helper on `http://localhost:8000/___graphql`.

Every master commits will be published automatically to https://pedantic-edison-3897de.netlify.com/. Thanks to [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/).

## Getting Started for Contributers

For first time contributer, browse for issues with `goodfirstissue` tag. Looking for `hacktoberfest` if you want to join the hack event!

## Design & Architecture

- [Prototype design](https://invis.io/7HU7PWOYAQM#387144381_Landing_Page)
- [Technical sketches](https://projects.invisionapp.com/freehand/document/NhJHf12G0)

## Glossary

| Thai                        | English                                |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| คณะรัฐมนตรี                 | Cabinet                                |
| พรรคการเมือง                | Party                                  |
| วุฒิสภา                     | The Senate                             |
| รัฐสภา                      | National Assembly of Thailand          |
| สภาผู้แทนราษฏร              | The House of Representatives           |
| สมาชิกวุฒิสภา (ส.ว.)        | Senator                                |
| สมาชิกสภาผู้แทนราษฎร (ส.ส.) | Member of the House of Representatives |
